Tests and documentation for wrong property tags issue (#7599)
iTwin/itwinjs-core: docs/learning/backend/HandlingUnknownAndWrongSchemaElements.md

> ## Handling of schemas with unknown/wrong elements

Reviewer: Why new file?

I would keep all of this in the same file for clarity.  Also we do not know if it's wrong or just unknown when the spec is newer.  So I would leave the file name the same.

Author: Rohit and I discussed, and we think having separate file for newer versions makes it easier since,
we document behavior for various versions in separate file. Although, taking your point into consideration,
I have changed the file name and removed "wrong" from file name.

Reviewer: Here are some examples of how we combine both older/new version documentation together to make it more clear to the reader:
https://www.itwinjs.org/bis/guide/schema-evolution/schema-versioning-and-generations/#application-schema-compatibility-logic

This one is still WIP but it includes both forwards and backwards compatibility together:
https://github.com/iTwin/itwinjs-core/pull/7558/files

Author: I have merged the two files into one.

## Handling of schemas with unknown/wrong elements

> A schema with a newer ECXml version might contain elements not known to the ECDb runtime being used as it's older.
> Also, a schema might contain wrong elements, for e.g. an ECProperty tag used for denoting a struct inside an entity class.
> A read compatible but write incompatible schema (only ECXml minor version incremented) cannot be imported into the iModel.
> However, any schema can be deserialized and loaded into memory but, the version 3.2 of ECXml schema.
> This schema is also then restricted from being serialized to a file or a string.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A schema with a newer ECXml version might contain elements not recognized by the older ECDb runtime. Additionally, a schema might include incorrect elements, such as an ECProperty tag used to denote a struct inside an entity class. A read-compatible but write-incompatible schema (with only an ECXml minor version increment) cannot be imported into the iModel. However, any schema, except for version 3.2 of the ECXml schema, can be deserialized and loaded into memory. This schema version is also restricted from being serialized to a file or a string.
```
